[ty] Recognize overlapping NewTypes and their underlying values (#27522)
astral-sh/ruff: crates/ty_python_semantic/resources/mdtest/comparison/intersections.md

        value.does_not_exist  # no error (unreachable branch)
```

A `NewType` negation removes its static tag, not the runtime objects of its base: an integer without
that tag can still be identical to the integer passed into the `NewType` constructor.

```py
from typing import NewType

UserId = NewType("UserId", int)

def f(value: Not[UserId]) -> None:
    reveal_type(value is 1)  # revealed: bool
```

`LiteralString` describes how a string was constructed rather than which runtime object it is. A
string excluded from `LiteralString` can therefore still be identical to a particular string
literal.

```py
from typing_extensions import LiteralString
from ty_extensions import Intersection

def f(value: Not[LiteralString], nonliteral_string: Intersection[str, Not[LiteralString]]) -> None:
    reveal_type(value is "hello")  # revealed: bool
    reveal_type(nonliteral_string is not "hello")  # revealed: bool
```

A string literal determines its value, not the identity of its runtime object. Negating that literal

> excludes every object with the same value, so the identity comparison is definite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excludes every other string literal with the same value, so the identity comparison is definite.
```

(It doesn't exclude other objects that might compare equal)
